Okay. On Slide 17, I'd like to spend a moment reviewing our integration plans. Of course, in a sizable acquisition like this, the success of the integration is of critical importance. With that being said, we have established a comprehensive plan which builds upon our experience with the CareFusion acquisition, fully recognizing that there will be some differences. We'll be focused on combining the best of the best to both companies.
 The integration team will be led by Bill Tozzi, a seasoned BD executive and will consist of senior leaders from both organizations which will also include John Weiland, who will stay on in a consultive capacity after the closing. This team will be accountable for delivering on the commitments made to our shareholders, employees and customers.
 As I also mentioned earlier, we will have Tim Ring, another Bard -- and another Bard director join our Board. We believe their leadership and oversight will help to ensure a seamless integration of the 2 organizations. Upon closing, the Bard business will become a new segment within BD with a primary focus on advancing disease management. I'd like to take the opportunity to thank the BD associates for their dedication and hard work that allowed us to drive -- to get to this milestone in our company's history. I look forward to welcoming the talented Bard associates to BD.
 Before we open up the call for questions, I'd like to take a moment to summarize our message from today. As we shared with you at our Analyst Day back in November, we believe BD is on an amazing journey where we can have a profound impact on our customers and the millions of patients they serve around the world. This includes a very strong pipeline of new products and solutions across our Medical and Life Sciences businesses, like our new solutions in Diabetes Care or in genomics or in our molecular programs, just to name a few. And we're absolutely delighted that Bard will be part of our company's journey with this -- with its exciting portfolio of products and technologies. Together, we'll improve both the process of care and treatment of disease. This is a pivotal time in BD's history and I'm most excited to lead our company as we move forward.
 So thank you. We will now open the call to questions.