Thanks, Juan, and good morning, everyone. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.57, up from the $0.41 in the prior-year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $658 million, up $85 million from the year-ago quarter. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 28% compared to the 29% in the second quarter of the prior year.
 Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 6.8% is 100 basis points higher than the same period last year, and 80 basis points above our 2017 annual WACC of 6.0%, thus generating positive EVA of $195 million on an annualized basis. Our ROIC has continued to improve for the fourth consecutive quarter.
 On chart 19 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.48 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.57 per share. For this quarter, we had a $0.04 per-share net charge related to an adjustment of the proceeds of the 2015 sale of the cocoa business, partially offset by the gain on the sale of the crop risk services business. We also had a $0.04 per share charge for impairments, restructurings, and settlements, and a $0.01 charge related to LIFO.
 Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary in the components of our corporate line. Before Juan discusses the operating results, I'd like to highlight some of the corporate items affecting our quarterly results.
 Net interest expense is up approximately $18 million to $81 million, primarily due to higher short-term interest rates, our overall mix of short- and long-term debt following the issuance of our new fixed rate debt in August of last year, a favorable interest rate expense adjustment last year, and some additional interest expense related to foreign income taxes due from prior years.
 Looking ahead, we are continuing to project net interest expense of approximately $320 million for the full-year 2017, consistent with what we indicated at the beginning of the year.
 Unallocated corporate costs of $134 million were up versus the prior year and modestly below our $140 million per quarter guidance for fiscal year 2017. The increase is primarily due to the planned increased investments in innovation, IT, and business transformation. Minority interest and other charges increased to $35 million primarily due to updated portfolio investment valuations in CIP.
 Turning to our cash flow statements for the first six months on slide 6, we generated $1 billion from operations before working capital changes, similar to the prior year. We had favorable changes in working capital of a bit over $300 million. Total capital spending was $452 million. Our current expectation for fiscal year 2017 is capital spending of approximately $1 billion. Acquisitions of $180 million were primarily related to Crosswind Industries, a pet treat manufacturer; and Chamtor, a French producer of wheat-based sweeteners and starches.
 We spent about $511 million to repurchase shares; and, including dividends, we returned $875 million of capital to shareholders by mid-year. Our average share count for the quarter is 574 million diluted shares outstanding, down 20 million shares from this time one year ago. At the end of the quarter, we had 571 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis.
 Slide 7 shows the highlights of our corporate balance sheet as of June 30, 2017 and 2016. Our balance sheet remains solid. Our working capital of $7 billion was down $1.2 billion from the year-ago period. Total debt was $7 billion, resulting in a net debt balance of $6.3 billion. Our leverage position remains comfortable, with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 27%.
 Our shareholders' equity of $17.4 billion was down slightly from the $17.7 billion last year, due primarily to returns of capital to shareholders in excess of net earnings.
 We had $5.1 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of June. If you add available cash, we had access to $5.8 billion of short-term liquidity.
 Next, Juan will take us through a review of our business performance. Juan?