And talking about cooler [climbs], this photo was taken I think around the 9th of January, it was minus 51 degrees, so by far and away, the coldest place the PNG flag has ever been raised.
 I'm now going to talk about Alaska and then do some wrap-ups and summarize where we're at as a company.
 Oil Search obviously completed the Alaskan acquisition in February 2018 and assumed operatorship in March. And since that time, we've built a highly experienced team in Anchorage. And if you look at the total experience that we have there with people sourced from ConocoPhillips, BP, Exxon, all with extensive operating and North Slope experience, we have around over 300 years of combined North Slope experience in our staff there. Right now, we have about 110 people working for us in Alaska and frankly, it's been a very smooth and efficient startup as witnessed by the drilling program that is underway on the North Slope right now.
 We've chosen some very good rigs. We've built ice roads and actually got out on the slope and commenced drilling as one of the earliest partners out there. And the drilling has gone extremely well since.
 We have commenced drilling in the Pikka B well and in -- and we did that in late December, and the Pikka C in January this year. We've received already the Final Environmental Impact Statement and the issuance of that for our Pikka unit development and we received that in November, and discussions are ongoing and have been very constructive with the state; our joint venture partners, ConocoPhillips; the adjacent major operator to our main region; and our local indigenous populations and corporations that are so critical for our success. The relationships are being built and we've had very constructive discussions with all those parties and are being welcomed with open arms on the slope.
 We've seen very constructive engagement with several parties to look at and capture value from the Armstrong $450 million option to purchase the remaining 50% of their core assets. And those discussions are ongoing.
 Right now, we're presently drilling a 2-well appraisal program, Pikka B and Pikka C. And you can see Pikka C in the north, Pikka B to the south of that. Pikka B is designed to add 1C resources around the potential development, DS 3, with the flow tests planned for later in the drilling program to establish reservoir quality and deliverability. The Pikka B has gone very well and has intersected the thickest Nanushuk reservoir seen on the field to date. And that has all been cored with over 237 meters of core being cut in that well.
 The Pikka C well is slightly behind Pikka B but has penetrated the Nanushuk 3 reservoir facies. It's shown good quality reservoir development and that well is now being changed from a vertical hole into a horizontal hole which will allow us to do flow testing in the core reservoir area. In all, both those wells allow us to get formation data, core reservoir pressure and fluid samples, to allow us to fine-tune the development model and the deliverability of the reservoirs to be further studied by the testing. Positive results could add up to 250 million barrels to our current 500 million barrels 2C gross resource. And we will be carrying out a certification of that resource sometime during this year when the results of these wells have been fully assimilated into our development plan.
 If we look at seismic, look, no surprises. It's wonderful to see decent seismic when you come from Papua New Guinea. You can actually see the reservoirs, you can understand them. On the left-hand side is the Pikka B well, vertical well and sidetrack, which again will be tested. And on the right-hand side, the vertical well and horizontal well going along the reservoir section. And if you look at the bottom left-hand corner, you can also see a picture of oil bleeding from the cores that have been cut. A very positive appraisal program to date.
 Obviously, the Pikka unit now, we are looking very closely at the development time line for this initial development of the Pikka. The 2-rig appraisal program will provide us the information required to further fine tune the development plan and update the reservoir models in -- and obviously, give us greater certainty of the resource base.
 The stakeholder engagements and implementation plan are at an advanced stage and we're working very closely with the local corporations to develop that plan further as part of our overall development and utilize some of our experiences from Papua New Guinea into Alaska to work with the communities on some of their social issues.
 We see early works starting sometime in April 2019 and we're on track for that, and a FEED commitment subject to final appraisal results and the -- this Record of Decision coming from government by mid-2019. And that will see us into FEED. The contracting strategy is being worked now, and permitting and approvals are being advanced.
 If we look at the development, initial development will see 15 producers/injector pairs, which will produce, we hope, in the order of 120,000 barrels a day. And the development will see around 60-kilometer pipeline network being built, 42 kilometers of roads and we'd see the development phase into 2020 with a final investment decision and first production sometime in 2023, and we're very much on track for that.
 Everything we've seen about Alaska has been encouraging and exciting. There is substantial remaining potential in this series of different play types across our areas and in recent times, we have acquired some more acreage which covers some of these new plays. It really does come down to prioritizing where we drill, and that is driven by how can we commercialize and do that in a timely way. Right now, we're aiming to drill up to 3 wells in 2019, 2020, probably some further appraisal wells in Pikka, but also looking at how we look at and appraise the Horseshoe area to the south.
 We're also reviewing the Alpine reservoir targets in the Pikka unit to determine some appraisal strategies. And right now, we're integrating the significant number of good quality seismic -- acquisition of seismic data into a reprocessed set that allows continuity across the whole area. This is a pretty exciting place and plenty of barrels still to be found. Although our focus, clearly, is on delivering high-value out of Papua New Guinea, Alaska does look good for us and we're very pleased with the acquisition.
 If I turn now to the outlook for 2019, now obviously, our strategic objectives are very much focused on delivering the high-value prospects for LNG into FEED. We need to enter a line FEED for Papua LNG and PNG LNG and including P'nyang expansion and including FEED for the Oil Search-operated accelerated gas project that will provide gas potentially for early parts of our PNG LNG expansion. We are very focused on that I am pleased to say we're making progress with that. And obviously, the signing of gas agreements is the trigger for progressing that further.
 We also see entering into FEED on the Pikka unit development. Alaska as being a fundamental for end of the first half this year. Implementation of our optimization of oil in our remaining oilfields in Kutubu, Moran, et cetera, is also important as an objective to mitigate oil production and in fact, increase production out of our remaining oilfields. They are attractive investment opportunities at this oil price and we've taken our time to really mature those prospects to where we're now very comfortable in growing them.
 We also continue to work on the exploration and appraisal activities in PNG to support LNG expansion, and that will focus on obviously, understanding Muruk 2 and understanding the gas resources in that area and its associated adjacent prospects but also very heavily focusing on the gulf with a lot of seismic being shot to identify and rank various prospects that are much more like Elk-Antelope. And that area is being heavily worked as we speak through a major seismic program. And we would expect drilling if not this year, next year.
 We also are focusing on the Alaskan option. We have a significant interest in looking at that option, but we're also very mindful of introducing a quality partner and demonstrating value to the market through the exercise of that option and the possible sell down. And we're at an advance stage in those processes and discussions now.
 Of course, the importance of operating stability in Papua New Guinea is clearly critical to our long-term success and we'll continue to build sustainable social contributions in Papua New Guinea, and now Alaska, working with the governments and communities in those areas. And of course, environmental sustainability is critical, again, to our social license to operate.
 Obviously, the earthquake highlighted the importance of some of our social programs, particularly in the Highlands of Papua New Guinea and through Oil Search and our foundation, we'll continue to provide earthquake relief. In terms of infrastructure rebuilds and in terms of public health, there is still substantial damage to the community and community infrastructure that was caused by the earthquake just on 12 months ago. And we'll continue to play our part in rebuilding with government some of that infrastructure.
 We're also focusing on some new partnerships around women's empowerment but also engaging the youth of the Highlands area. Something over 50% of the total population in the Highlands is now under 20 years of age, and we now need to turn our minds to how we engage with them. I think what worked in terms of programs 15 years ago no longer works. Engagement with the youth in these areas remains a critical part of our future long-term success.
 We also have a power project just about to come on stream in Port Moresby with the lowest priced power for Port Moresby. We're going to be very -- continuing to support the government on benefits distribution, I'm pleased to say, with very strong focus by government and the ministers concerned. There has been very strong progress in recent months with benefits in the Highlands expected to flow imminently. The identification and finalization of land ownership in that area has been a highlight for the first quarter. And certainly, congratulations to the government for pursuing this.
 But this is -- we were one of the first companies to actually look at the climate change resilience of our various assets and I'm pleased to say that under pretty well all reasonable scenarios, our assets in PNG and Alaska actually demonstrate the resilience even maybe on a long-term basis. And we'll continue to work with various sources on the Human Rights Plans and VPSHR update report sometime in the first -- end of the first quarter. In 2019, we'll update that.
 If I look then at the summary, we have a strong production outlook. In 2019, production should be at or above -- well above the 2018 earthquake levels. And certainly, we could and are targeting production at the top end of the range that we guide to, though early days, obviously.
 Progress has been made on PNG LNG expansion and Papua LNG development, and we're on target to sign PRL 15 gas agreement by the end of 1Q 2019. Certainly, Patrick Pouyanné from Total has indicated that we are on target for that and Total remains very committed to progress Papua LNG to FEED and then financial close -- final investment decision and then obviously, into production.
 The gas agreement for PNG LNG expansion for P'nyang is due to be signed shortly after the one for Papua LNG, and that will obviously allow contractor bidding and align FEED entry for the projects, and the 3-train 8 million-tonne project can proceed. As Beth said, we are targeting first gas sometime in 2024 and as Ian said, market appetite remains very strong for PNG LNG and Papua LNG gas.
 We see right now very positive results from our initial work here and appraisal in Alaska. And there are certainly the potential for resource additions from that drilling campaign. And we're moving to FEED on the Pikka development. As I mentioned, we're in advance discussions on how to demonstrate value on the Armstrong oil option and an equity investment that might flow from that.
 Optimization of our oil business is underway with infill drilling opportunities starting up. We have significant resource upgrade potential not just from what we've seen from P'nyang, Kimu and Barakewa, but obviously positive results from Muruk 2, Pikka B and Pikka C.
 We'll continue to focus on the sustainable development -- social development of the country with improved benefits distribution, the development of social infrastructure and sustainable business opportunities, especially focusing on the youth in Papua New Guinea. And obviously, we've demonstrated, I think, already the sustainability and robustness of our assets against -- in a carbon-constrained world, in a world where we're all concerned about climate change.
 And with that in mind, I'll finish and initially throw it open to questions from the room, but also then, I'm sure there'll be questions from the Ether and from people connected through various forms.