Thank you, Ian. Thanks, everyone. Thanks for coming today. I have -- it's a hell of a lot cooler up here than it is in Houston right now, and we managed to avoid a hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico over the weekend. So grateful for that. We put out a press release this morning regarding closing of the Exxon acquisition at Mobile Bay.
 I began my career at Mobile after out -- shortly before I got out of school at LSU. We had just begun drilling the initial discovery well in Mobile Bay in 1979. I spent, I can't remember whether it was 1 or 2 hitches out on that rig, but I know it wasn't very eventful. We were just drilling south toward a 21,000 foot cove. We made a well right off the coast of Alabama and right off the coast of Dauphin Island. These wells would typically produce at depths of around 21,000 feet and very, very high temperatures and pressures, had a little sour gas associated with them. We drilled the initial wells, it was 10 years before the production came online. State of Alabama actually had some exceptions about whether we should be producing those wells or not. They did have some (inaudible). Skip forward a few years, I had an opportunity to buy those properties in the year -- around the year 1991 or '92, I can't remember exactly, but they were offering for sale, Exxon was, before it became ExxonMobil. So I have had a chance to buy these properties more than once. So I've been telling -- So I can now claim that I've been working on this transaction for about 40 years.
 So I'm glad to finally have it closed, taken a while, but the numbers are pretty compelling, and I know it's gas and that's a bad thing, but the truth is it's dollars per unit of volume that we're looking for. We're agnostic as to whether it is oil or gas, whether it's in deepwater or whether it is in shallow water in the Gulf of Mexico, we don't really care. What's important is whether it makes money and whether we can see a future in the properties. We look for 3 things when we try to buy properties in the Gulf of Mexico. We look for -- first thing we look for is cash flow. Does it have really reserves associated with proved reserves, a base that would generate cash flow now or in the future. Next thing we look for is upside that we can obtain with the drill bit after we make the properties more valuable. And the last thing we look for, workovers, recompletions, facilities upgrades, things that we can do to either reduce cost or increase revenue in short term. All the answers to those questions are positive, this is something that we want to go after. We see a lot of opportunity in the Gulf of Mexico, not just in the deepwater, but also on the shelf. We've been out there for 3.5 decades, chasing around properties and doing a reasonably good job with it. This particular transaction nearly doubles our proved reserves. The snapshot I'm going to show you here shortly does not include the Mobile Bay transaction we just closed on Friday, so we want to get a chance to get in there and get a little bit more data before we start presenting more projections to the public.
 Production goes up quite a bit, about a little over 19,500 barrels equivalent per day from our current of about 35,000 or at least what it was at the end of second quarter. So that's a pretty good production increase. We reflected that in our guidance numbers. So if you're looking to build a model, and I hope you are, those should help you.
 So we began the quest here. We bought some properties from Shell, that's the yellow outline that you see in the middle of the page here, very small portion of the field in the middle of it. We bought this from Shell in 2012, I believe, and we ended up buying the rest of this from Exxon from a conversation that started off with, well, gee, maybe we can combine plants and actually create some efficiencies that way and we should be looking at it, maybe we can buy you out and make it even more efficient. But the truth is that we saw also opportunity with the drill bit, not beneath the any wells drilled in this field for several years. We noted that there were some permits for wells about a decade ago, but they were not drilled. I guess, Exxon was out looking for production in Guyana, and I think they've done a pretty good job with that. So this is just kind of an example of companies taking money that -- for properties they already own, applying to other places where they can make more money. So this is a model we followed for decades and this worked pretty well.
 I would tell you that this is an area that puts us as the premier operator in the area. I did a town hall with both people at our plant at Fairway Field and also with Exxon's plant and the first question out of the box, of course, was from one of the Exxon people saying, well, what are you going to do with the 2 plants and the answer that they were expecting was, well, we're going to combine the plants, and the actual answer is, we would prefer to fill them up. We prefer to fill the plants up and when these wells come online, we make a good well that will make 50 million to 75 million cubic feet of gas a day that fills plants up pretty quick if we drill a couple of them, and we have several prospects now. We've got a lot of data. We'll need time to process that data in our own house, but suffice to say that we look at a bright future here. There's other operators in the area that -- who we think we can acquire reserves from and we think we can fill up these plants, and that's going to be the first attempt. If it doesn't happen, well, we will combine them and maybe perk with the other ones, so that we could do it later on.
 You can look at -- you can look through this at your leisure. We've got about 160 million at the current Exxon plant or now W&T plant and then there was also about 50 million going through the Yellowhammer plant. So we've plenty of capacity. So we do have to do a lot of work to get these plants filled up.
 So these are just kind of the steps on it. I won't spend a lot of time with this. I think I've given you most of it so far. I think that our future is bright here, and we're going to go through much more of that. I've got a snapshot for you here that excludes the Mobile Bay acquisition. So we haven't included Mobile Bay just yet. We wanted to make sure we were going to close it last Friday before we presented to you on the day after Labor Day.
 So with regard to that, I will make another announcement today that doesn't show up in the press release, but we drilled the well at Gladden out and Mississippi Canyon 800 subsea well. We have drilled that well, completed it and we brought it online, excuse me, we completed the tie-back within a week of finishing completion operations. That well is now online, flowing. We've just been bringing online over the weekend, we don't have definitive numbers for you yet, but we expect to have that shortly.
 So this is a case where we were already prepared, we prepared for success, we drilled the well, we built a jumper through the existing full line and tie-back, so that we can bring this well on quickly. So we're excited about that. So we're several months ahead of schedule on -- actually, I think, we've scheduled about the end of the year to have this well online, but we got it online in about 2 weeks.
 So when you plan for success, that can happen. Now of course, bad news, if we haven't made a well, we wouldn't have -- we've been needing the jumper, but it was a couple of million dollar gamble and I think it's paid off.
 So when you think about the Gulf of Mexico and the things that we do out there and the nature of the reserves and why people are starting to look more in the Gulf of Mexico, one is free cash flow positive. That's always been the attraction for us. I own 1/3 of the shares of the company. I own the bonds, I own a part of our drilling joint venture that we did. So I'm pretty well committed to it. A lot of people talk about, well, I treat it like it's my own well, we treat it like it's our own because it is our own, I mean, every day. So the decisions are made rationally with the idea that you're going to make money from it, and that's the intent. And that's what -- hopefully, we portray that to you everyday in how we rationalize things.
 Gulf of Mexico, West Texas, couple of differences. Biggest differences are rock properties. West Texas used to be underwater as well. In case you weren't aware of that, it was an ocean bottom, big blanket sands, a lot of hydrocarbons, very little porosity, very little permeability. Permeabilities in West Texas average, they're measured in nanodarcy, which is a billionth of a darcy. In Gulf of Mexico, we typically measure permeability in darcy, so about 1 billion times better.
 So if you find hydrocarbons, they come out of the ground faster, you get return and payback faster. We're just not getting a little bit of slivers at a time in having to invest forward. So it's cash flow positive.
 Second, cost can be quite high. We are fortunate enough to have a pretty good footprint across the Gulf of Mexico wherein we're able to do work and get it online fairly quickly and that is the goal. Gulf of Mexico is the second largest producing basin in the U.S. It is the largest by aerial extent. It's the second largest by volume, of course, being right behind -- well, not right behind, but about half of what West Texas has right now.
 This slide gives you an idea where we are and what are the ups in the deepwater, all the way out to about 7,000 feet to the shallowest 500 feet. We consider anything over 500 feet to be deepwater by virtue of the fact that it's really hard to get a jack-up rig over anything above 500 feet, and usually you can't get that unless you have a special class rig, which isn't available in the Gulf of Mexico right now, but that's how we differentiate it.
 We do a lot of technical evaluation to make sure what we do is the right thing with the drill bit. Traditionally, we've had success rates between 75% and 80% and admittedly by virtue of the fact that we happen to think that good places to look for oil and gas is in oil and gas fields, so we did a lot of infield drilling. We did a lot of drilling next block over from existing productive blocks and we tied them into platforms that were already on production and we could get online quickly and increase that rate of return.
 Along the way, we've added a great deal of technology to the exploration side of the equation, to the E&P equation. I believe in seismic. I believe in buying data. I believe that we get good value for it. Wells can be quite expensive in the Gulf of Mexico. Deepwater wells can be very expensive. So if you're going to drill $100 million well, you might want to invest a few million into data. And then if you get the data, you need to be able to evaluate it, you need to bring the personnel in that can evaluate it. So our success rate has gone from 75% to 80% to over 93% over the last 7 years. And we haven't drilled any dry hole so far this year. So pretty good success rate in the first half of 2019.
 This is a slide that I developed many years ago, and it's mainly for people that really don't have a lot of technical background, geological or geophysical information on -- in their background. So if you look at the diagram, you see proved producing sand at the area where we're showing perforations here. As we go one sand thickness below, we're showing you probable reserves. As we go one sand thickness below that, we are showing you possible reserves. If we go above this contact, where we have proved producing, we're showing proved undeveloped reserves, those are reserves that will be developed later on probably through the same wellbore, possibly with another well, but probably through the same wellbore.
 We've shown you an active water drive. We could drill another well here and prove up all these reserves, but we're assuming that we're going to sweep these reserves without any additional CapEx, and so we show you on the next page an example of that. I'm going to talk about Mahogany sand. We had one sand, Mahogany. We bought this field in 3 separate transactions over a few years. We now own 100% of it. We brought a lot of seismic along the way. We brought processing -- in-house processing such that we can now image below the salt. We found what we thought was a hydrocarbon indicator about 3,000 feet below existing production. We were right. The sand initially when we drilled it, we booked 4.1 million barrels. That was total reserves. Of that, about 1 million barrels was proved producing. We produced that in about in 10 months. Netherland, Sewell was forced to give us a different evaluation on the proved producing. So they gave us yet another 1 million barrels for the following year.
 We -- flash forward -- and they gave us 7.9 million barrels of probables and 22 -- about 22 million barrels of possible reserves in the initial evaluation. Skip forward 6 years, we're now at 33.6 million barrels on proved. We're at 50.8 million on probables and 101 million on possibles. I made a pretty outlandish statement the other day that people thought it was -- they didn't hear it. So I want to make damn sure you hear it clearly. I believe, that's Tracy Krohn, I believe that we will generate at least another 100 million barrels of proved producing reserves out of this reservoir. I believe we are light, about 100 million barrels. Every year, they've given us the report that says, water is right around the corner, you've got to produce water from this aquifer that we think is about 20x the size of the reservoir. I've been around the Gulf of Mexico most of my life and most of the time the biggest aquifer I've ever seen is about 6x of the reservoir, and this is in a normally pressured regime. This is an abnormally pressured regime. So think of this room as a very large box, pressured on all sides, in the middle of this one is a sponge about 1/20 of the size of this room. Now I call it a sponge because the rock properties are so good. There's so much permeability, there is so much porosity, the sand is unconsolidated, which means we have fluid to fluid contact, not grain to grain like you have out in West Texas. This is fluid supported. So you squeeze -- we've got 3 straws in the sponge now in this particular sand. As you squeeze that sponge, oil comes up through the straws and the pressure remains the same around the entire reservoir because of the so-called aquifer support because it's a pressure box. The pressure is constant. So the only thing that's decreasing is the volume inside the reservoir, the sponge. So as you compress that sponge, we believe that this is a very unique reservoir in that this reservoir is compaction drive, it's not water drive, it's not gravity drainage, it's just compaction. So we're compacting the reservoir, we're producing the oil out of it. As we compact that reservoir and we get closer to grain to grain support, we also believe -- I believe that we will then sweep the reservoir with water. Excellent water drive in the Gulf of Mexico, can be 50% to 60% in active water drive in the Gulf of Mexico. I believe that we can generate at least 20% of compaction. So I'm saying that I believe that we're 80% to 85% recovery from this reservoir.

 We've lost a few hundred psi. We produced 6 million barrels. This thing is rocking on and making a flood of oil, and we're not getting proper answers. We have the highest known water. This would be the highest known water. We know where that is within the reservoir. We know where the lowest known oil is. There is a contact between here and here that NSAI has tried to calculate, and they're not doing anything wrong, but the problem is every time they predict this, the value goes higher for this reservoir because we haven't seen any water yet. We've got 3 straws in the reservoir, we've not seen any water. We have a couple of them higher than the lowest reservoir, the lowest well in the reservoir. Oddly enough, the model is a little perverse in that it predicts that water will be produced from the highest well in the reservoir first. That should be a clue. [FBI] calls that a clue, that might not be correct if you've got a strictly water drive reservoir, a little reservoir lesson I noted. I think it's important because it's a lot of the hidden value in the corporation, a lot of these things you can read, but it's one of the reasons that I believe in this particular model that I'm promoting here.
 I would tell you that we've now gone for 6 years, we've had 6 different times predictions that the water is coming imminently or it's going to be here within a year, hasn't showed up. Every time, they've had to increase reserves because they lowered the supposed oil water contact. So fairly soon, we're going to drill a well that challenges that theory and says all right, we're going to go down to the existing known highest water contact, and we're going to drill there or lower. This formed a base and there is a problem because once you go below the highest known water contact and you still have oil, the model is not valid anymore, for sure. That's a fact. So the reservoir either has higher recovery, higher compressibility, or it's much bigger. But either way, it's bigger. Any possible case you have there, it's a lot bigger. We believe that this is one of those rare cases where we do have compaction drive. I'm told by one of the majors that there is such thing as compaction drive and they have it, but they won't give us their damn paper, and I don't blame them, I wouldn't give it to them either.
 We have some other examples of reserves that we're going to capture without having to do any CapEx. On our current proved developed producing, we think we'll generate about $800 million in cash flow without any additional CapEx. Similar on our probables and possibles related to our proved developed behind pipe and proved undeveloped, where we have another $800 million, $900-or-so million. So about $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion in cash flow without any additional CapEx. And then with another $279 million, we think we can generate about another $1 billion in cash flow. So pretty good numbers for fairly low risk. This is one of the reasons why we have been able to cut our CapEx budget over the last several years and do a pretty good job of maintaining reserves, including all the things that we produce relatively quick and not having to jack that CapEx up. We've managed to cut debt some $900 million over the last few years. We just did a refi at the end of 2018, October 2018, so just that's almost been a year now. We're able to do another refi, we last issued in the energy market in 2018. We consolidated all of our debt, reduced it couple of hundred million dollars. And now we're at net debt of something around $600 million -- I'm sorry, that's not correct because we just did this acquisition. So yes, we've added a little bit more to that, but still well within our current credit lines.
 We paid 167 -- $177 million cash on a $200 million transaction through the first -- through about October -- sorry, sorry, August of this year.
 I've covered a lot about Mahogany. I want to tell you one other thing. This was the first commercially successful subsalt discovery on the planet. It set the basis for many other subsalt discoveries around the world. We're still finding reserves here. We have not gotten to the bottom of the hydrocarbon column. We keep finding hydrocarbons deeper, in fact deeper than the T-Sand. We have plans to be drilling in the future here as well.
 So this is a slide about more recent activities. I kind of let you look at it. I notice I've been talking a little bit longer than I thought I would be, but I'll tell you that we've got 4 rigs running out there right now. We're pretty busy. We've got more coming. We've just made this acquisition. I expect that we will make at least one more acquisition before the end of the year. That's my expectation, maybe more of a bolt-on type of thing, but at least one more acquisition before the end of the year. 50 near-term prospects, 39 platform wells, 11 subsea tiebacks, about 170 million barrels of oil equivalent.
 So we did this drilling joint venture in 2018 with HarbourVest out of Boston and Baker Hughes/GE. We've just finished well #9. We are drilling on well #10 as we're speaking about it. We receive 30% of the revenue on 20% of the expenditure that we make approximately. So the company puts 20% of it up, we get 30%. I invested on the investors side of the aisle, 4% of the fund personally. So I believe in it as well. We are having pretty good success with it. I think everybody is relatively pleased at this point.
 We have more to do before the end of the year, but next year should be an interesting year for us as well. We'll have more to talk to you about that shortly after the first of the year. We're about $125 million to $155 million guidance for 2019. We'll have more information on that as we assimilate Mobile Bay, hoping that we'll at least get a drilling permit filed in 2020 and that we'll start drilling in 2020, but I will at least get a permit filed. So that's my expectation at this point in time. We predicted about $23 million of ARO for 2019, I think we're right on top of that.
 Just did our mid-year reserves. Basically, we replaced reserves. There's not a real in-depth study. We'll do that at the end of the year. We do have a bank -- RBL redetermination coming up in October. We should keep an eye on that. I expect that to be a favorable thing for us.
 You can read through the reserves yourself. I mean, I think we did a pretty good job of replacing reserves at fairly low cost. Of course, this acquisition will help as well.
 When we went through the refi, these are the metrics on that. If you look at the capital structure, it improved quite a bit. Liquidity went up, debt went down. We simplified the capital structure. I think we did an excellent job with that at a time where everybody said, yes, you can't do this right now. They said we couldn't do the drilling joint venture in 2018. We've done that as well. So I kind of thrive on can't and won't because we usually do and can. So with that, I'll tell you that I like the idea of cash flow. And if you're interested in cash flow and if you're convinced that that's a positive thing for -- I agree that shareholder growth is important. It's really hard to get that onshore right now. Majors are going to do it. Majors are going to cut cost and beat the hell out of everybody, and it is common. Though they're leaving the Gulf of Mexico, a lot of them are leaving the Gulf of Mexico either consciously or unconsciously, they will pare back operations in the Gulf of Mexico in the future to favor onshore because it's predictable.
 So the EOGs and the Pioneers and Conchos and whoever else, larger independents in the world out in the Permian, they want to say, look guys -- they'll go to their service providers and say, "We're going to drill 300 wells in the next 2 years. What are you going to do to help us reduce costs?" Because they know that when they wake up, when that E&P manager wakes up every day, he works for an independent company, he wakes up with the same problem, he says, I've got to increase reserves, I've got to increase production, I've got to cut costs. That's my assignment. Major oil company, independent, doesn't matter. That's their assignment every day. That's what they get up and go to work for. Groundhog Day, okay? You all saw the movie, Groundhog Day. Alarm goes off. He's got an assignment, he's got to do to make it better. In this case, for Bill Murray, it was his love interest, and he had to figure out a way to make it better every day before he got rewarded. So same thing with these guys. They wake up every day with the same problem, I got to increase reserves, I got to increase production, got to cut costs. Well, you can handle the first 2 part of those with drilling more wells. If I drill more wells, I'm going to increase production, I'm going to increase reserves, but I got to cut costs.
 So how do I cut costs? Well, I've got to do it in volume. If I make in pieces, I have a whole lot of margin, but a lot of volume generates more cash. You've got to be able to do it successfully and you've got to be able to really reduce the cost.
 So did you not find it curious that over 15 years, for 1.5 decades, the majors weren't actively out drilling these basins? I mean, did it not occur to anybody that this was curious? It did to us. Because majors had a lot of acreage out there, if they had held by production or if they're just flat out owned and feed. Okay. So what are they going to do with that? Well, nothing. They are going to do something with it. They were studying. They were watching -- they were letting everybody else to develop the technology, thank you so much, because the most sacred thing to them is their dividend. If they spend a lot of money for it, they couldn't pay the dividend, wouldn't have the AAA ratings that they needed. So that's an important consideration for them.
 So now the independents go to the majors and they say, all right, guys, if we drill 300 wells, what are you going to do for me? Well, if you promise me 300 wells, I can reduce your cost, guarantee it.
 They work out a deal, and that's what's happening. They're trying really hard and have been all along. I don't mean to say that they haven't, they have. They carry a big stick because they're drilling most of the wells, but that's going to change. The majors are going to drill more of the wells. So now think about Exxon or Chevron or Conoco or Occi, they're saying, well, look, all you vendors, we're going to drill 3,000 wells the next year, what are you going to do for me? Who do you think is going to get the better deal on cost and who do you think is going to have a better way to manage the logistics, the guy with the biggest balance sheet. And they have big balance sheets. And now I believe that they can do it successfully. I will tell you that I sit on the API Board of Directors. I talked to one of the CEOs of one of the major oil companies, kind of told him basically what I just told you, and he looks at me and says, Tracy, he says, I'm thinking, well, it's going to be a while before they can get the cost down to an acceptable level. And the guy looks at me like I'm completely agreeing, maybe I am. He looks at me and says, you don't understand, he said, we're already cash flow positive. We've already cut the prices enough and cut costs enough that we're cash flow positive in the Permian. I don't think he was lying to me. He had no reason to lie. There was nothing important to gain by it. It was a pretty good revelation for me. So there is a lot of coming in West Texas and other basins where they own lots of other acreage. You're going to see -- I think you'll see service companies get eaten up too because they'll need personnel, they'll need equipment. They're going to do it on a bigger scale. And planning for it, now they're going to do it bigger way. And some of them, Exxon, notably, has increased their exposure to pipelines and refineries from West Texas.
 So I'm about 20 seconds away, not going to have time to take questions here. There is a lot more I'd like to tell you about, a lot more of the story, but I think that's why you're going to see more activity in the Gulf of Mexico because it is free cash flow positive. I think you'll see that from not only institutional investors but private equity as well. Well, thank you very much. Thanks for listening to me today.