Thank you, Bonnie, and good afternoon everyone. The first quarter marks the beginning of what we believe will be a very successful year for Zoran. Our DTV business was particularly strong, growing 37% sequentially, while our digital camera business also grew during what is normally a seasonally-weakest period. Our business model has never been stronger, with increasing profitability, a well-diversified revenue base, and an exceptionally solid balance sheet. We continue to solidify our position in each of our core markets, by securing multiple design wins across all our product lines with manufacturers around the world. Zoran is poised for a very exciting year. 
 Now on to an update of our business. In digital cameras, we once again achieved record revenues for the quarter and design win activity remains very strong. The ongoing strength in demand for our COACH 8 solution at top-tier manufacturers enable us to grow revenues, and we are confident we increase market share. Current market forecast estimate a 10% annual increase in this market, and based on our performance during the first quarter, we believe we will continue to outpace the market growth rate. More than half of our digital camera revenues came from our COACH processor, which went into production at over ten different customers, including Pentax, Samsung and others. In addition, we continue to gain ground in the Japanese captive market, securing major wins at the Tijuana manufacturer. 
 The COACH 9, which was introduced at PMA in February, is being very well received by customers who are particularly attracted to its enhanced image quality and the blur reduction feature. We are already in various stages of new product designs with customers using the COACH 9, and expect to see first models in the second half of the year. Pricing in the digital camera market continues to decline somewhat as market matures. This, in turn, drives further erosion in the captive market, as manufacturers seek to replace expensive captive IC's with more cost-effective, high-performance solutions from Zoran. We expect this trend to continue, and to enable further market share gains for Zoran. 
 In our monthly media phone market segment, our focus remains on securing design wins for our APPROACH 5C, a highly-innovative multimedia processor, which offers a wide range of features while maintaining cost effectiveness. This makes it very well suited to large OEM providers who have to create multiple-feature phone models quickly for a reasonable cost. This product was launched at the PMA show in February, and we are receiving excellent feedback. We expect multiple design wins to finalize throughout the year. 
 In imaging, revenues declined somewhat from the fourth quarter, as a result of unfavorable market share and product midshift [inaudible] manufacturers in the ink jet all-in-one segment. We remain focused on broadening our customer base in order to reduce dependence on any one OEM customer. We are also investing in the emerging color laser segment with our recently announced Quatro 4230 digital processor. The color laser segment is expected to represent the most dramatic shift in the printer market over the next five years, and OEM's are working aggressively to develop products that offer higher print speeds with a wider variety of features, while maintaining affordable price levels. 
 The 4230 is the only single cheap solution that embeds the high performance CPU, for processing page description language, that supports complete color MFP functionality for products with speed up to 20 color pages per minute, a level previously achieved only with multichip solution. Customers began developing products with the new 4230 solution in the first quarter, and we anticipate first deployment in the beginning of next year. In addition, Panasonic introduced a new monochrome laser MFP-based on our Quatro during the quarter. The continued growth of digital photography is driving increasing demand for snapshot photo printers and photo-capable all-in-one printers, with OEM's aggressively pursuing new features, such as bluetooth, wireless printing and automatic red eye removal, which Zoran enables. 
 In the ink jet all-in-one segment, we are pursuing a strategy to increase integration -- for increased integration. First customer deployment with our Quatro 4050 and 4200 are starting to be introduced, including ink jet all-in-one and [disop] snapshot printers from top-tier customers. 
 In the enterprise or office segment market, new products based on our IPS 7 software were introduced during the quarter, including models from Canon and HP, as well as several other top-tier manufacturers, and we expect to see many more throughout 2006. Our next generation IPS product,, which will be available later this year, includes our new interpreter for Microsoft's new document format, XPS, to be included in the next major release of the Windows operating system Vista, due out in early 2007. 
 In DVD, we continue to see an overall improvement in gross margins, driven by a favorable mix shift, including strong sale of our higher-margin Vaddis® 8 processor in an increasingly wide range of products. In addition, the high level of integration in our Vaddis® 8 enables our customers to realize a lower bill of materials for new DVD products being delivered to market this year. Nearly all of our customers have transitioned to the Vaddis® 8,with the exception of a few making very high-end products using Vaddis® 7 processor. During the quarter, we saw strong demand for our DVD player products for the growing portable market and for standalone players in emerging markets, including South America, southeast Asia, India and China. 
 Demand also came from Europe, where retailers are planning promotions to coincide with the World Cup Soccer Championships in June. Our recently introduced Vaddis® 9 is being well received and several customers, including Philips, went into mass production during Q1. The Vaddis® 9 addresses the full range of DVD applications and is specifically optimized for the growing portable market, and already two major DVD portable player manufacturers are ready to go into mass production. We expect to transition customers to this new product during the year. 
 We continue to make progress in the DVD recorder markets with our latest generation Activa chip set, a solution designed to meet the demand of our customers to deliver DVD recording products at more affordable price levels. We're working closely with customers that are currently sampling the Activa to finalize their systems for production. We continue to lead the DVD combo market with demand for DVD VCR's and home theater in the [inaudible] systems remain stable. We see increasing demand, in particular, for DVD portables, where our market share is believed to be approximately 40%. We are the first to introduce a DVD SOC with an LCD integrated driver for portable players, which should enable us to increase our market share in portables. We are also first to introduce a DVD SOC with an integrated up-converter -- an HD [inaudible] -- which is helping us gain share in the high definition television-related markets across multiple geographies. 
 In DTV, our strategy to address the full market, including CRT's, flip panels, and set-top boxes with technology that serves high-end, main-stream, and high-volume end markets is succeeding. In HDTV, our Supra HD processors and Cascade 2 demodulator drove growth in the U.S., where ATC-compliance CRT sales gained momentum. New models from Philips, Magnavox, Sharp and Sanyo have started shipping in the large volume. Orion is also shipping new products under multiple brand names. As expected, this new compliance market created by the FTC is beginning to grow rapidly, and we are raising the entry barrier with our integrated product offering and customer base. We believe we can capture a large portion of the mandate compliance CRT TV market. 
 We're extremely pleased with the market acceptance of our SupraHD 660 IC, which, according to our customers, offers the best integration and [inaudible] video processing and scaling. This product is ideally suited to the fast growing sweet-spot of LCD TV's up to 37 inches and 42 inches plasma-display television. Sanyo and [Jojeko] have already begun shipping HD, CRT and flip panel TV's, with additional models from these customers expected to be released throughout the year. This SOC is now also being designed into many TV products that are destined for the European DVD team market, as it provides the most integrated solution available for LCD and plasma display TV products that require both analog and digital reception. We also saw design activity in our Supra HD product in Taiwan, Korea and China. and we'll see new models under Taiwan names in the coming quarters. Zoran's Cascade 2 demodulator product line once again achieved significant growth. This IC family is shipped to many of our Supra HD customers, as well as into the tuner network interface module market. Major suppliers, including Simco, Sharp and Thompson, are now in production. 
 Our SDTV product line continues to exceed our expectations, as many of our customers secured new [export] business for Free-To-Air set-top boxes for markets in the UK, Spain, Italy, Germany and other European countries. As new digital channels become available for the European DVBT standard, customer demand is increasing. This product line continues to grow market share and revenue for Zoran, as we supply to customers such as Aser, Etic, Homecast, Miko, NTC and Jojeko.. Our fully field tested and qualified DVB system, which covers virtually all European countries, positions us well to compete in this growing market. 
 Before turning the call over to Karl, I want to reiterate our enthusiasm for Zoran's achievement during the first quarter. We are executing on all of our key objectives, diversifying our business and revenue stream, growing market share, taking a leadership position in all of our target markets and increasing profitability. Karl?