All right. So first let's talk about -- you know, I think one of the good points that he makes is this idea comes back to the level playing field in hiring workers, that we do know that it is something that workers care about and one of the reasons they might not go to a small firm is because they don't provide a health insurance.
 And so we do think that it is something that makes small -- the current system where so many small business owners find it hard to provide insurance because it is disproportionately expensive for them. It does disadvantage them in the hiring of labor. So I think that one, we absolutely would agree on.
 In terms of requirements, again, we want to be a little bit careful here. Absolutely what we've been talking about is in the health reform proposals that are working their way through Congress, any of the employer responsibility or the pay-or-play requirements they are carving out exemptions for small businesses.
 And just to give you a number -- so I think the -- one of the Senate versions of the bill exempts small firms with fewer than 25 employees. Well, that's about 91 percent of all firms in the economy. And if you think about most of the firms in the other 9 percent are already providing insurance, it really -- we are being very careful to make sure that we are not putting additional burdens on small firms.
 Now, why do you have these at all? And why might you want to have some employer responsibility requirements? It does come down to disruption. The -- sort of starting after World War II -- one of the things that we did is to really give special tax treatment to employer-sponsored health insurance and that's really kind of made that the normal way that most people get their health insurance. And so that is the system that we are most used to, it's kind of what the president described the American way in terms of health care insurance and provision.
 And I think one of the things that the president has been very worried about or wanted to make sure we prevented is any big disruption. One of the things he said from the beginning, "If you like what you have, you can keep it," because we know that a lot of Americans do like what they have and we don't want to disrupt a system that's working well for a lot of people. We want to take what we have and improve it and fix anything that's broken.
 And so that's been the motivation for why we have -- certainly a lot of the bills have some of these requirements. We want to make sure that we don't change the incentives too much and have -- some of the big companies that have been providing insurance for years, we don't want them changing their behavior and that's really what those are aimed at, not put undue requirements on small businesses.
 (UNKNOWN) - All right. We have a question from Daniel Rosberg (ph) from Kansas City, Missouri. He is the president of Data Works (ph).
 And he asks - Is making a small business responsible for providing health care simply giving a competitive advantage to big business? Why not just start with TARP reform and mandating insurers to cover preexisting conditions and make all policies fully portable regardless of state, company or position?