Thank you Jarle; and good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. It's a pleasure to open this quarterly presentation, my first after I took over on January 1. And I will just share a few thoughts with you now to start before I hand it over to Audun for the actual quarterly presentation.
 And my immediate reflections up to now, a good four weeks into the task, is that the Norske Skog organization is as professional as I had expected. It's a motivated Organization. And it's no doubt that we will need that, which I will come back to a little bit later on.
 Some people have asked me, have you had any surprises, is it different than what you thought? And to a certain extent it is; it's a positive surprise. I have met a lot of people who are really motivated and willing, and competent to bring this organization forward. That has strengthened my belief in the long-term sustainability and success of Norske Skog's as a publication paper company, and among the leading in the world.
 Nonetheless, 2009 was a difficult year for the industry. Globally speaking, the demand was down significantly, particularly in the US and in Europe, but also in areas like Latin America, as you will have seen from our results. And this was the volume effect of the financial recession. I think the price effects came a little bit later in several areas. But it also meant that we had to take extensive down time, and we had to further direct our [rates] our already announced cost improvement programs.
 On the financial side a continuation of the work to reduce the net debt, which was done with quite a high degree of success. We have improved also our maturity profile and by the use of buyback of bonds the net debt was significantly reduced. And the gearing level at the end of the year, as we will see has improved significantly.
 Also the currency has been positive for us, although it's quite clear that the operations suffer from a very strong Norwegian krone. On the structural side, in line with the strategy, we sold ourselves out of China, and one paper making machine was closed indefinitely in Parenco in The Netherlands. So, all in all, Norske Skog took quite strong measures to try to balance the market in 2009.
 So all in all, in a difficult market situation, 2009 was an effect of the recession, and we still see that coming into 2010. With those rather short introductory comments, I would like to leave the floor to Audun Roneid to go through the quarterly figures; Audun?