Thank you very much. Good morning to you all. I have a sore throat, so it will not help my French accent, so don't hesitate to ask questions afterwards.
 I will start with a reminder about the Volkswagen crisis. The first item is no news. But the second one is quite important to us, even though it's more towards our clients than our financial stakeholders. Effectively we want to pull out of the confusion that we see in the marketplace about this crisis, especially as we have a leadership position in terms of fuel consumption. So we want to make several points and make a first experience in Europe concerning our clients' information.
 You remember that we were the first one, Peugeot was the first one to implement the particle filter, 11 years before it was mandatory in the Euro 5 norm. You remember that at the end of 2013 Peugeot was again a front runner with the SCR, the selective catalytic reduction, that we decided to implement on all our Euro 6 personal passenger cars, on all of them in Europe. This technology is nowadays known as the best one and the most efficient to deal NOx emission.
 In the same spirit, we want today to take the lead to publish real-world fuel economy figures for all our main vehicles as soon as possible, of course the process being overseen by an independent body. And we want, in the same spirit, adopt technical measures to anticipate the future WLTP procedure, starting with the implementation of the zero electrical energy balance for type approvals. A lot of OEMs have said that they were of favor of this new WLTP very recently, but we have been saying the same thing for two years already and we want now to make a new step towards this new cycle.
 Now let's move to the Q3 2015 figures, with our highlights. Group revenue was 3.2% thanks to the growth of Faurecia and of the auto division. We are ahead of our strategic plan and confident regarding our targets. Now you remember that at the end of July I said that we could have some significant headwinds in the second half. Well, after this third quarter I can tell you that we are fully confident on our full-year results.
 In Europe the Group remains focused on profitable growth and the situation in China is normalizing. The pricing environment is competitive of course, but we are happy with Group acceleration in the implementation of its performance plan. We are very confident that this Chinese situation will normalize after a strong destocking in Q3. We are achieving cost reductions which are very significant.
 So on the following slide, page 6, we are driving the business to improve the bottom line, focused on profitable sales. Worldwide unique sales are down by 4.3% to 616,000 units, with a contrasted regional performance.
 European volumes are up 6.1%, with particularly good performance in Southern Europe, Spain and Italy. Our market share remained more stable in Q3 versus last year and we benefited from the strong growth of the market.
 In China and Southeast Asia sales are down 17% in Q3 2015. That's because, as I said before, we adjusted dealers' inventory situation in Q3. On a year-to-date basis we have the same level of deliveries as last year and with a normalizing of the situation in China.
 In Latin America and Eurasia sales are declining on declining markets. We continue to restructure and right-size our business over there.
 In India/Pacific and in Africa and Middle East sales are down in Q3, but in both regions deliveries are up versus last year on the quarter.
 On the following slide, let's now move to Q3 revenue, up 3.2% at EUR12.4b. The automotive division revenue is up 1%. Our pro forma revenue, including 50% of our Chinese business, is up 0.4%. Faurecia revenue is up 8.3% at EUR4.7b.
 New car revenue analysis. Well, the pro forma automotive new cars revenue, including China, is up 2.2%, and 2.6% excluding China. Volume effect is positive by 0.8% thanks to volume growth in Europe. ForEx is a small positive, as the positive effect of the GBP is lower than in H1 and has been offset by emerging markets' currencies. Price effect is also significantly positive at 1.2% and product mix remains positive at 0.8%.
 This is partly compensated by negative intra-mix impact. You see it in the others effect. Within the range of vehicles, the mix between diesel and petrol engines has slightly moved. 67% of vehicles sold had diesel engines in Q3 2014 and this decreased to 65%; PC, personal cars, and light commercial vehicles numbers. So we have effectively a change of mix, but we are, for the last two years, anticipating a switch in the diesel versus petrol mix. And we have the full capacity in terms of petrol engines to produce a growth of this type of engines with no difficulty.
 Banque PSA finance, two additional countries are operational, Spain and Switzerland. If we analyze the bank with a 100% vision, consolidated vision, we have a number of new contracts, which has increased by 6.8% as compared to last year. Revenues are down to EUR394m in Q3. This evolution is mainly linked to our partnership, as we are transforming a better cost of funds into better margin for the bank and better offers for our clients.
 Faurecia, as presented on the 14th, a very strong growth of its revenue, confirming the H2 2015 and 2016 guidance, highlighting they are very well-positioned to solve the NOx issue of the other OEMs who have recently announced that they will have to move very quickly towards this technology.
 Outlook, well, nothing new, except the Europe growth that we are now seeing at a higher level. We revised the European market to plus 8%. We left unchanged the other regions, with China and a 3% growth on the full-year basis. And of course we repeat that we don't change our mid-term operational outlook, not because of what it means in terms of profitability, but because we want to have the full year behind us before giving you a new mid-term operational outlook.
 Let's now have a look, on page 11, on our main growth engines this quarter. Of course this is Europe. The Group launched two new cars, the 308 GTI and the new DS4. We remain focused on our profitable growth, of course, through our pricing power strategy.
 We are continuing to modernize our plants. In Q1 we moved to a single production in Poissy and in Q3 we did the same thing in Mulhouse, which gives us more opportunities to perform more savings. And we go towards full kitting in all our plants, which is a way to improve the productivity of the logistics inside the plants.
 The partnership with Santander is a strong lever to improve the auto business profitability and the cash upstream is continuing as we received EUR348m dividends from the bank in September.
 On China and Southeast Asia, we benefited from the success of our recent launches, the SUV, the Citroen SUV C3-XR, and a sedan, the new 408. On the volume side, we already mentioned the quick adjustment of our network inventory. The most important KPI for the Group and for our partner Dongfeng remains profitability in the second half. Pressure on pricing will not fade away, so we have accelerated the implementation of our performance plan, which means higher productivity and higher cost cuttings to protect our margin.
 The target given to the local management is to increase 2015 operating margin versus 2014. We will see if they succeed, but we are satisfied with the first results of this plan.
 You all know that the government has decided a market incentive, lowering taxes for some cars. We are very well-positioned on that point, as an important part of our sales will benefit from this incentive. In H1 72% of our sales would have been affected by this incentive and, on top of that, the whole range has an offer that can benefit from this measure.
 If we move now to inventories, well, no big news on that side because at the end of September inventories are right-sized, well-balanced between Group and independent dealership. They are regularly adjusted according to perspective on market demand. As the growth of the European market remains strong, we can already project that inventories required to fully benefit from this growth should be slightly higher by the end of the year compared to last year.
 On the core competitiveness of our business, we are continuing to further strengthen our economic fundamentals. We are well on track to bring back in 2015 the breakeven point of the Company below 2m vehicles through our three main levers, pricing power, fixed-cost reduction and regarding our production cost savings, we are on track to meet our target. You remember that it's EUR500 reduction per car between 2015 and 2018, including the Euro 5 impact and we are ahead of it.
 About R&D I won't go through all Back in the Race levers, but I want to highlight one event, which is a good illustration of the technology roadmap we are developing. Just before the Intelligent Transport System World Congress we tested four autonomous vehicles on open road for a 580 kilometers hands-off trip from Paris to the congress meeting place. It was a quite good experience, which shows that our technological roadmap is well in our hands. And this is done with a very well under-control budget with the same R&D and CapEx targets that we mentioned in Back in the Race between 7% and 8% of our sales.
 So to conclude, the Company remains very focused on the execution of the plan. It's going faster than initially expected and the results make us very confident on the full achievement of our objectives.
 Thank you for your attention. I will now take your questions. Yes, any questions on the call?