Got it. Thank you. Now that you've seen who we are and what we plan to do with the business. let me tell you what we plan to deliver financially. We expect this transaction will be accretive to earnings. We expect to deliver consistent top line growth, driven by renewed marketing investment, new product innovation, share gains, and of course population growth. With steady top line growth, continued debt reduction, and operational improvements, we expect to deliver annual EPS growth in the nine to 11 percent range.
 We will focus on high return capital programs, and operate with improved capital management. We will apply the same disciplined approach to acquisitions that has served us well over the past six years. Finally, we will have a stronger capital structure, with enhanced, excuse me, with enhanced access to capital markets. Free cash flow will allow for significant and immediate delevering, and a market cap of approximately $3 billion provides for stable equity base. That is based on a projected $14 share price.
 We have grown the top line at Del Monte, and EBITDA over the last six years at caggers (ph) of six percent and ten percent respectively.
 We have targeted what we believe to be a very reasonable and achievable cost savings programs in G&A, logistics, operations, purchasing and brokerage costs. We've done a pretty intensive study. We employed Baine (ph) along with Del Monte's management and Heinz's management and embarked on a significant study that we believe will turn up in excess of $60 million in synergies which will come into play over the next three or four years. So we believe this is very, very conservative.
 These are our growth targets - two to four percent on the top line and nine to eleven percent on the bottom line.
 Del Monte will be a financially stronger company with increased access to capital markets. By continuing to use free cash flow to delever the company, Del Monte will significantly strengthen its balance sheet. This transaction pro forma will decrease our debt to EBITDA ratio from 4.1 to 3.6 at closing. With a equity value of approximately $3 billion, the new mid-cap size Del Monte will enjoy increased liquidity with a broad investor base.
 And now I'll turn the podium back to Rick.