It's a very good question. Thanks for that. So the security is the hook. So you want to come with something, insider threat, you protect your files and emails. We come in with a very strong hook. Under that, and then what we are starting to get is a lot of C-level (inaudible) share. After that, there is -- I just came from the U.K. and I saw three customers that are -- big customers that they want to classify the information and it's very, also, we can talk about GDP, all about regulation coming our way. They want to classify critical data and they want to move it to the right places.
 But we can with DatAlert. What DatAlert gives us is the following. When you are coming to do anything that's related to governance, or related to compliance, or related to data retention, you need a project. People, processes, and things like that, and it takes time. What happened with DatAlert, we are experts in machine learning, and we also understand systems and data streams very well.
 What happened with DatAlert is that it started gradually. We came in and first we gave Threshold Alert. Then we gave modules and we understood infrastructure when somehow the right -- wrong behavior is working, how people need to treat system, how people need to treat information and within this borders, do very sophisticated machine learning. So we come to organizations today and without doing anything, we give them a lot of value immediately.
 Someone took a file with Social Security number and credit card numbers, put it in a folder that is open to everybody in the organization. Someone is going and trying to access system and have too many access denied and is doing it at midnight. The secretary of the CEO is going through all the emails, reading them, and doing mark as unread. And when you get this kind of critical information, without doing anything, you are sitting and you don't need to be a security analyst or any -- or data scientist. It comes to you and with it come a very clear call to action. This is huge.
 And after that, you're saying, now I want to take -- to make sure that the house will be in order. The second thing that is happening is that regulation becoming more sophisticated. And also, the regulators are sitting and saying we can do so much, but what we need to do to make sure that we are protecting the organization and where are the risks of everybody coming to files and email. So this whole (inaudible) process works very well for us.
 But in terms of the sales motion, I think from the last time that I was sitting here last year, the sales motion became significantly simpler and more strategic. Now, regarding budgets, there is massive amount of budgets. Budget is not a problem. So before we need to carve budget, budgets are there. I think that for us as the organization it's much more positioning. David calls it Varonis now. So what Varonis now means is you're coming in, why you need Varonis now, why we are relevant for everything that's related to anti-malware and while we are a prerequisite to every privileged account that you want to do. And why -- what are front and center to any classification project that you have.
 So our sales force now, we need to really understand how to position it and how to explain what is the security stack, and why are the first building block, and this works very, very well for us. But we put a lot of effort on enablement and make sure that the salesforce is really fine, is ready to capitalize on this opportunity. But there are big forces behind it. If you look what the big [firms] are doing in all the consulting companies and what's going on with blogs, and just the regular media, they start to talk about us. So the [friction] is sales process.
 Sales cycles stay the same relatively because when you want to take a 2,000-user shop and to sell them $150,000 deal, they need to justify it. They need to go to the CFO and everything. But when we are there and we are showing up, our sales cycle is becoming much more predictable. If you bring a C-level to the room, it's a very visual sale. You explain what it's doing, the immediate time to value, what are these alerts, how you are remediating. It's working very well. So very, very, very interesting process that we are benefiting.