Thank you, Tim. This has been a very, very busy quarter for our R&D development team and it doesn't look to slow down anytime soon. Let me first review the status of our ongoing Viramidine Phase II study. 
 We presented 24-week clinical data for Phase II of Viramidine at EASL in April and received extremely positive feedback from the physicians and scientists there. The data show that Viramidine demonstrates antiviral activity comparable to that of Ribavirin, but with a statistically significant lower incidence of anemia. This was a milestone of (indiscernible). It represents the first time clinical efficacy data for Viramidine has been presented as a major international medical conference. The data was presented by Dr. Robert Gish (ph), the lead investigator on the Phase II study and Medical Director of the Liver Transplant Program at California Pacific Medical Center in San Francisco. Dr. Gish is considered one of the pre-eminent hepetologists in the world. The reaction to the data presented at EASL adds further to our excitement for Viramidine's future in the hepatitis C market. 
 On May 18th, we will be presenting additional data from the Phase II trial at the Digestive Disease Week Conference in New Orleans and we plan to submit 48-week data from the study plus, additional safety data for the Phase II trial to the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases, or AAFLD, for presentations this fall. 
 Regarding our Phase III activity enrollment into our first trial, Pfizer I is progressing very well with the majority of sites up and actively enrolling patients. In addition, we have identified the via telephone pre-screening sufficient specific patients to fully enroll in this trial. We expect to kick off the second Phase III trial, Pfizer II, in the very near future. 
 Our second clinical candidate, Remofovir, is being developed for hepatitis B. We recently completed a successful end of Phase I meeting with the FDA and have come to agreement on our Phase II protocol design. We're nearly completed with Phase I testing of Remofovir and expect to move into Phase II testing in mid-2004. 
 Regarding Zelepar, the results of the Phase III double-blind placebo-controlled trial of once-daily doses of Zelepar in the treatment of Parkinson's disease recently were published in the peer review journal Movement Disorder. In that study, Zelepar at 1.25 milligrams per day reduced off time by 2.2 hours, compared with only 0.6 hours for patients treated with placebo. Off time is a standard measure of a drug's effectiveness in Parkinson's disease. 
 As Tim mentioned, Zelepar has an approval letter from the FDA and two safety studies to complete the approval process of Zelepar are now in progress and we are expected to complete these studies (indiscernible) support approval and launch the product early next year. 
 Finally, we are all also working on a number of preclinical projects that we feel show promise in the areas of HIV, hepatitis C and hepatitis B. These projects are still in fairly early stages, but we plan to share more with you in the near future. Now I will turn the call over to Bary Bailey to discuss specifics regarding the financials.